This file contains the list of scholarships and link I have collected till now. They will need to be categorized later on the basis of private or govt.. and may also add categories based on states or geograp

1.Generation Google Scholarship (APAC)
Apply Link: https://lnkd.in/gZQgUsci

2.GHC Student Scholarships
Apply Link: https://lnkd.in/ghusCBiz 

3.Nutanix Advancing Women in Technology Scholarship Program
Apply Link: https://lnkd.in/gAEJQEk 

4.Ministry of Education
https://www.education.gov.in/scholarships
(it contains various indian government scholarships) 

5.Ministry of Electronics & Information Technology, Govt. of India
https://scholarships.gov.in/
(National scholarship portal of india)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>these below found on "https://www.buddy4study.com/article/oasis-scholarship"

here were a list of scholarships that i need to link and search for
6.Dr Ambedkar Scholarship Portal of Punjab 2022-23
https://www.buddy4study.com/article/dr-ambedkar-scholarship-portal-of-punjab

7.GOKDOM Scholarships – Last Date, List of Scholarship, Eligibility, Application Process
https://www.buddy4study.com/article/gokdom

8.Oasis Scholarship 2022 – A Dedicated Scholarship Portal for West Bengal Students, New Rule for SC Students
https://www.buddy4study.com/article/oasis-scholarship

9.SJE Scholarship (Rajasthan)
https://www.buddy4study.com/article/sje-scholarship

10.MP Scholarships
https://www.buddy4study.com/article/mp-scholarship-portal

>>below are on the site "https://scholarshiparena.in/private-scholarship/"
>>THESE ARE ALL PRIVATE SCHOLARSHIPS
11.V Mart Department
He should have 10th class pass from any recognized board such as State/ CBSE/ AICTE. 
He should be passed the 10th examination on the 01st attempt only. ·        
85 % of marks in class 10th are required for applying. ·        
The candidate’s Family Income should not exceed 2 lakh per year. ·        
The age of the Candidates should be less than 15 years.

12.HDFC
For students who are pursuing a Diploma, Graduation Degree, or Post graduation degree an annual family income is equal to or less than Rs Three lakhs

13.Babulal Nagarmal Satnalika Foundation
Applying students must be passed the 12th class and must have secured a minimum of 80 percent marks in the same examination.
The applying applicant’s family income from all sources must be less than Rs. 60000/- per year.

14.Vidyadhan Scholarship Program
The applying students whose family annual income annually is below Rs. 2 Lakhs.
Passed  10th /SSC exam in the year 2021
Scored 90% or obtained 9 CGPA in the class 10th Grade/SSC examination minimum required marks 75%.
The students living/studying in Paschim Maharashtra (Pune, Sangli, Solapur, Kolhapur, and Satara districts)

15.Tata Trust Vocational Scholarship
The candidate is an Indian national.
The candidate who Passed out of Class 10th or 12th in 2019-20.

16.Adobe Research Women-in-Technology Scholarship
This scheme is valid for a female student who is currently enrolled in the undergraduate program at a university for the session of the 2020-21 academic year.
Directs to the full-time undergraduate student at a university for the 2020-21 academic years.
One must be majoring in computer science, computer engineering, or a closely related technical field.
One must have a strong academic record. One must not have a close relative working for Adobe Research.

17.Top class Education scheme for SC Students
The applying Students must belong to the Scheduled Caste.
 Those candidates, who have secured admission to a notified institution, are eligible to apply for this scholarship.
The total family income of applying candidate covering all the sources must be less than Rs.4.5 lac.
This scholarship is only for students of the 1st year.
Here it is important to note that in case the number of scholarships gets crossed the number of students in the 1st year, then the same scholarship can be directly awarded to 2nd, 3rd  & 4th-year students. However, 1st year gets priority over the 2nd year, and so on.
The students of the prescribed courses like BTech, MBBS, MBA, MD, MS, LLB, and LLM are considered well-qualified and valid for this scholarship.

18.Azim Premji Foundation Fellowship
Minimum of 3 to 10 years of work experience.
The applying candidate must hold a regular post-graduate degree or a professional degree (B.Tech/MBA/or Equivalent) in any discipline.
The applying candidate must be proficient in local languages (Hindi, Kannada, Tamil, or Telugu).
The applying candidate must not be more than 35 years of age.

19.Facebook Research Internship
The applying candidate must be pursuing a degree (Ph.D. or Masters’s with relevant research experience) in Computer Science or a related field
The applying candidate must have Publications or experience in machine learning, AI, computer vision, optimization, computer science, statistics, applied mathematics, or data science
The applying candidate must be Experience solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches
The applying candidate must have the ability to manipulate and analyze complex, large-scale, high-dimensional data from varying sources
The applying candidate must have experience in utilizing theoretical and empirical research to solve problems
The applying candidate must have the ability to communicate complex research in a clear, precise, and actionable manner
The applying candidate must have Knowledge of C, C++, Python, Lua or other related programming languages
The applying candidate must have Experience building systems based on machine learning and/or deep learning methods
The applying candidate must be currently enrolled in a full-time degree program and returning to the program after the completion of the internship
The applying candidate must have the ability to obtain and maintain work authorization in the country of employment in 2019.

20.FAER McAfee Scholar Awards Program
The applying candidate must be pursuing B.E. /MCA final year from a recognized institution or university.
There is a condition as the maximum of up to 4 students per project batch/team can as following to the condition.
There is required to submit a letter from the Principal to prove as students of the institute and studying in the final year of a degree program.
There must be duly signed the project proposals by the Principal and Project Advisor.
The team needs to provide an undertaking stating on selection that they are responsible to finish and submit the project in 3 months.
A team can send only 1 project proposal.

21.Shakti-Isb Clean Energy Lab
The applying candidate who is having quality as of Leader and Thinker with big, bold ideas.
The one who is a high-potential individual has an idea to set up a nonprofit organization.
The candidate is a Founder of an early-stage non-profit organization.

22.ransform Together Scholarships
Candidates must belong to an International or the European Union (non-UK) fee-paying student.

23.Deans International Science Excellence Scholarship
The student, who is an international student, may apply. If any dependent of the staff of diplomatic or consular missions.
The applying and willing candidates are advised to get Enrolled/Enrolled in an undergraduate or postgraduate coursework program directly through the colleges.

24.Getty Graduate Internships
The students currently enrolled in a graduate program (Master’s or Doctorate) in a field relevant to the internship(s). OR
The Individuals, who have completed a relevant graduate degree on or after the date 1st of January 2015, may apply.

25.Chulabhorn Graduate Institute Post-graduate Scholarship Program
The applying candidate’s age must be below 30 years.
The one who has the degree of graduation with a cumulative GPA of a minimum of 3.00 in one of the asked subjects.
The applying candidate should be a Graduate in other related fields. The applying candidate should have 1-year experience in the field of scientific laboratory research.
The applying candidate should Have passed the certificate as – TOEFL/ IELTS
The applying candidate should Produce a statement of purpose that clears and explain their interest in the study.

26.Fit Essay Competition
The candidate should be from India.
The age of participating candidates should be below the age of 35 years.
There is a specified condition over the previous winners as they cannot apply.

27.International Graduate Entry Masters Scholarship
The candidate must be an international student and he/she has already got the offer to graduate-entry Master’s degree directed to the Faculty of Health Sciences at the University of Sydney.
The applying candidate should have to Commence his/her studies in the next academic year.

28.Chevening Clore Leadership Fellowship
The applying candidate must belong as a citizen of Brazil, China, Egypt, India, Jordan, Mexico or South Africa.
The candidate must have a clear intention to get back to the country he/she was selected during the duration of the period of study.
The candidate must have held a degree equivalent to a UK 2nd class honors degree or with the equivalent professional training and/or experience.
The applying candidate should have done at least 5 years or its equivalent work experience, as counted by the date as of month September prior to the academic year for which the fellowship applies.
The applying candidate should not already receive or if receiving the financial benefit from an HMG-funded scholarship or fellowship.
The applying candidate should not hold dual nationality where one nationality is British.
The applying candidates should not be employees or employees’ relatives of their Government including the British Council/UKTI/DFID/ FCO/MOD/BIS and UKBA.

29.10th International Student Poster Competition Skopje
The willing applicants, who are going to be the participant, can be a national of any country. The applying candidates, who are students of the academies/colleges of the field as art and design, are eligible to apply.

30.Kala Utsav
The applying candidate should be from Class 9th to 12th.
The notified schools are Government or Govt.-aided schools or private schools.

31.India Global Leaders Scholarship
The applying candidate must be a Citizen of India and never had studied before in Australia. The applying candidate, who has already got an unconditional offer for their relevant courses, will be considered to take admission at UQ. The candidate should get it to know that this scholarship is awarded on the basis of academic excellence and the students, who have achieved high ranks, may apply.

32.Gaurav Foundation Scholarship
Indian citizens and not having the Passport of any other country.
The minimum age is 17 years and the maximum age is 35 years.
Obtained a minimum of 60% in all exams (since school days).
Passed the Class 12th.

33.AICTE Civil Engineering Internship (CEI)

34.Google Generational Scholarship
 may include microsoft and google scholarships also
